[CAS-1482] Fix - Handling remove add for watching channels (#2747)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/03-ui/04-components/02-channel-list.mdx

You can also use `BaseChatEventHandler` - a more detailed implementation that covers the most generic cases and forces you to implement the required ones.

To inject the ChatEventHandler to `ChannelListViewModel`, use `ChatEventHandlerFactory`, inside `ChannelListViewModelFactory`: 

```
public class ChannelListViewModelFactory @JvmOverloads constructor(
    private val filter: FilterObject? = null,
    private val sort: QuerySort<Channel> = ChannelListViewModel.DEFAULT_SORT,
    private val limit: Int = 30,
    private val messageLimit: Int = 1,
    private val chatEventHandlerFactory: ChatEventHandlerFactory = ChatEventHandlerFactory(),
) 
```

> There's a default implementation of `ChatEventHandler` for a ChannelListView listing channels that the current user is not a member. You can override the factory and inject it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A default `ChatEventHandlerFactory` implementation provides a `ChatEventHandler` that updates the `ChannelListView` based on membership - the channel will be added if the current user is a member and it will be removed otherwise.  You can override the factory, like in the example below:
```

```
public open class NonMemberChatEventHandlerFactory : ChatEventHandlerFactory() {

    public override fun chatEventHandler(channels: StateFlow<List<Channel>>): ChatEventHandler {
        return NonMemberChatEventHandler(ChatClient.instance(), channels = channels)
    }
}
```

> Then use the factory in you ChannelListViewModel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to pass the factory to the `ChannelListViewModel`:
```
